Service Mesh for Kyma 2.0 (#11841)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/04-operation-guides/troubleshooting/smsh-03-istio-no-sidecar.md

title: Issues with Istio sidecar injection
---

## Symptom & cause

> Kyma has sidecar injection enabled by default - a sidecar is injected to every Pod in a cluster without the need to add any labels. For more information, read [this document](../operations/smsh-01-istio-disable-sidecar-injection.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kyma has sidecar injection enabled by default - a sidecar is injected to every Pod in a cluster without the need to add any labels. For more information, read the document about [disabling Istio sidecar proxy injection](../operations/smsh-01-istio-disable-sidecar-injection.md).
```

Reviewer: Some time ago on one of SIG Content meetings we agreed to make links more descriptive and use titles/descriptions of the document's content instead of the phrase `read this document`.

> If a Pod doesn't have a sidecar and you did not disable sidecar injection on purpose, you may want to fixt that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a Pod doesn't have a sidecar and you did not disable sidecar injection on purpose, you may want to fix that.
```

## Remedy

Follow these steps to troubleshoot:

> 1. Check if sidecar injection is disabled in the Namespace of the Pod. Run this command to check the `istio-injection` label:

Reviewer: Line 20:   If the command returns `disabled` `,` the sidecar injection is disabled in this Namespace.

^ missing comma

Line 22:  >**WARNING:** Removing the `istio-injection=disabled` label from `the` Namespace results in...

^ missing article

   Sidecar injection is disabled if the output contains the `sidecar.istio.io/inject:false` line. Delete the label and restart the Pod to enable sidecar injection for the Deployment.

> For more information, read [this document](../operations/smsh-01-istio-disable-sidecar-injection.md) or follow the [Istio documentation](https://istio.io/docs/ops/common-problems/injection/).

Reviewer: Is there any reason to link to this document twice? 🤔 We're linking to it already in the first paragraph. I'd remove one of the links.
